2.1 Product perspective:
	The iNFT application is an NFT minter.  That is, it will create a token on the Ethereum block chain network that points to a particular file on the IFPS network.  This allows users to make a claim on the authenticity of an Item posted to IPFS.  It is effectively a form of copy right.  Another use for this technology is users may mint deeds as a proof of property ownership.  The blockchain provides the integrity of an object while the IPFS network provides the availability of the information.

2.2 Product functions:
	The product will allow users with an Ethereum private key to Mint NFTs.  Users will log onto an Ethereum network (currently only the local and Ropsten Test networks are available).  Once the user logs in with their private key the user will be able to view a list of all available NFTs.  If the user selects any of the NFT it will be downloaded to their local machine and the file's path can be copied.  If the file is an approved file type it will be displayed by the app.  The user will also either be able to type a file path into the text box at the top or select a file from the file picker.  If a the file is of an approved type it will display and the user can select the mint button to post the file to IPFS and the Ethereum network

2.3 User characteristics:
	There is only one type of user of this application.  That is a person who wishes to mint NFT tokens or view minted NFT tokens.  A person with a valid private key can log into the system and mint tokens.  A person with a random hex string can also unlock the system as the Ethereum network only tracks private keys that have made transactions.  A person using an unsecured private key may have their assets stolen.  The person utilizing the system should have a very basic knowledge of how computers work particularly capable of selecting a file from the file picker.

2.4 General constraints:
	The contract hasn't been posted to the Mainnet due to the cost.  The system does require an active Ethereum network, either a local network with the following properties.  The local address set to: HTTP://127.0.0.1:7545 and Chain ID/Network ID is 5777.  The NFT and INFT contracts would have to be deployed to the network as well.  If an active internet connection exists then the Test network Ropsten can be posted to.  The user would need to have enough ether on their account to make the required transaction.  It should be noted that the larger the file type that has been chosen to mint will take longer to post to the IPFS network and retrieve from the IPFS network.

2.5 Assumptions and dependencies:
	The only dependency for the end user would be that they are running on a Windows 10 platform.  An active internet connection is required to use the Ropsten network. 
